feat: support server power state (#462)
ionos-cloud/terraform-provider-ionoscloud: CHANGELOG.md

- `%w` instead of `%s` for some printed errors
### Features
- #460 add `contract_number` to provider configuration

> - #412 add support for power state in `ionoscloud_server` and `ionoscloud_cube_server`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #412 add support to set power state of Enterprise and Cube servers, by adding new field `vm_state`  in `ionoscloud_server` and `ionoscloud_cube_server` resources
```
